Add Gitlab CI template for automatic deployment (#741)
DSD-DBS/capella-collab-manager: ci-templates/gitlab/README.md

  - remote: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSD-DBS/capella-collab-manager/${CAPELLA_COLLABORATION_MANAGER_REVISION}/ci-templates/gitlab/image-builder.yml
```

The build images are tagged with the revision they were build with
(e.g., when running for main the tag would be `:main`)
All characters matching the regex [^a-za-z0-9.] will be replaced with -.

You have to add the following environment variables on repository level.
Make sure to enable the "Expand variable reference" flag.

- `PRIVATE_GPG_PATH`: Path to the private GPG key used to decrypt the
  secret docker sops file (More about this file [below](#docker-sops-file))

In addition you can adjust the following variables when running a pipeline:

- Variables specifying whether to build an image (default to 1):
  - `FRONTEND`: Build the frontend image?
  - `BACKEND`: Build the backend image?
  - `DOCS`: Build the docs image?
  - `GUACAMOLE`: Build the guacamole image?
- Variables speciying how to name each image:
  - `FRONTEND_IMAGE_NAME` (defaults to _capella/collab/frontend_)
  - `BACKEND_IMAGE_NAME` (default to _capella/collab/backend_)
  - `DOCS_IMAGE_NAME` (defaults to _capella/collab/docs_)

>   - `GUACAMOLE_IMAGE_NAME` (defaults to _capella/collab/guacamole_)

Author: Moved it to the upper seciton

- `TARGET`: The target for which you want to build the images
  (More information why this is important [below](#docker-sops-file))

> ### Docker sops file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Docker SOPS file
```

> We make use of [mozilla sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops) files to store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We make use of [Mozilla SOPS](https://github.com/mozilla/sops) files to store
```

SOPS is a proper name.

> secrets used in the image builder template. Therefore you need to have a
> directory `$TARGET` for each target you use with a `secret.docker.json` inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secrets used in the image builder template. Therefore you need to have a
directory `$TARGET` for each target with a `secret.docker.json` inside.
```

You can create the `secret.docker.json` by running the following command:

> `sops -e --output ./<target>/secret.docker.json input.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```zsh
sops -e --output ./<target>/secret.docker.json input.json
```
```

The `input.json` in this command is a placeholder for your own input file,
which should have the following structure:

```json
{
  "registry_unencrypted": "<registry>",
  "username_unencrypted": "<username>",
  "password": "<unencrypted password>"
}
```

**Important:** Please ensure that you never commit your `input.json`
as it contains the unencrypted values.

In addition, you will need a `.sops.yaml` at the root level having the
following structure:

```yml
creation_rules:
  - path_regex: .*
    key_groups:
      . pgp:
        - <GPG fingerprint>
```

Any time you update the `.sops.yaml` (i.e., adding or removing a fingerprint)
you will have to run `sops updatekeys ./<target>/secret.docker.json` ensuring
that only eligible can decrypt the secret file.

> Lastly, please ensure that your gitlab runners gpg fingerprint is present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, please ensure that your Gitlab runners GPG fingerprint is present
```

in the `.sops.yaml` such that it can use the secret values.

## Kubernetes Deploy

> The kubernetes deploy template is used to deploy the collab manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes deploy template is used to deploy the Capella Collaboration Manager
```

to a Kubernetes cluster using Helm.

Please add the following section to your `.gitlab-ci.yml`:

```yml
include:
  - remote: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSD-DBS/capella-collab-manager/${CAPELLA_COLLABORATION_MANAGER_REVISION}/ci-templates/gitlab/k8s-deploy.yml
```

You have to add the following environment variables on repository level.
Make sure to enable the "Expand variable reference" flag.

- `PRIVATE_GPG_PATH`: Path to the private GPG key used to decrypt the
  secret docker/k8s sops files.
- `GRAFANA_HELM_CHART`: (Optional) - This variable is used to set the URL
  for the Grafana Helm chart. It is useful if your deployment environment
  has limited access, so you can specify a URL that is accessible for you.

In addition you can adjust the following variables when running a pipeline:

- `TARGET`: The target for which you want to build the images
  (More information why this is important [below](#docker-and-kubernetes-sops-files))
- `REVISION`: The revision of the capella collab manager repository you want to use

### Docker and Kubernetes sops files

> For the `k8s-deploy.yml` you will also need to have some secret sops files in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `k8s-deploy.yml` you need to have some secret sops files in place.
```

> First of all, you will need the same secret docker sops files as described

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, you need a `secret.docker.json` file as described
```
